What!
No way.
Who do you think I am?
Don't be nervous.
Think about it.
We have no guarantee or mortgage after repairing the loan.
How can we ensure that customers repay on time?
I took a few photos of you to avoid risks.
If you don't pay off the loan by then
We'll send the photo.
Hey, but don't worry.
If you can repay on time
I promise you
Your photo will never be seen by a third person.
Ah!
No, I can't. I'm 18.
I can't do that. Okay?
Can't pay tuition
If you can go to school, you will be kicked out of school.
Classmates will also look down on you
Your parents worked hard to raise you
You go to school.
You got kicked out of school.
How miserable and sad are they?
Can you really guarantee
Won't the photo be leaked?
Oops, don't worry, hahahaha.
Brother, your brother has the same personality.
I will never use your photos.
Ok I shoot
madam